Goal Statement: Our goal is to create a generalized computerized hotel system for the Treasure Land Hotel that can be adapted to fit other hotels in the region. This will be a two part system. The first part of this system will allow the hotel staff to input, track, and charge guest as they stay at the hotel. The second part of this system is an inventory management system that will be used to track general supplies as well as certain consumable items. Both systems will be used to help the hotel staff carry out their duties with greater efficiency

Description/Background: Hotels in Ghana, West Africa have been using handwriting techniques as a means to catalog hotel guests. This can be a very time consuming and tedious process that is outdated. Cataloging and keeping track of normal hotel routines has been done with much of handwriting process as well. This can be a logistic nightmare for bigger hotels where finding rooms for guest is vital to survive in the local industry.

Objective: We will create a software program that will enable the hotel to create and update guest-folios, run an active inventory database, and provide a restaurant ordering system. This project is a tool that enables the hotel staff to complete task with greater efficiency and provide better customer service. We will deliver a fully functioning software package that contains all the necessary software to create and manage an inventory database, guest-folios, and restaurant ordering system. The deliverable will be deployed by an implantation team who will train the staff how to use the system. The software will provide an easy to use user interface system for the hotel staff.